R-0.0.5 (#170)
bob-crutchley/notes: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines
Anyone is welcome to collaborate on this project, but please adhere to the conventions in place.
<!--TOC_START-->
### Contents
- [Concepts](#concepts)
- [Naming Conventions](#naming-conventions)
- [Topic Structure](#topic-structure)
- [Modules](#modules)
- [Review Process](#review-process)
- [Weekly Process](#weekly-process)
	- [Roles](#roles)
		- [Courseware Admin](#courseware-admin)
		- [Project Admin](#project-admin)
		- [Courseware Developers & Maintainers (Internal)](#courseware-developers--maintainers-internal)
	- [Breakdown](#breakdown)
		- [Monday (am)](#monday-am)
		- [Tuesday (pm)](#tuesday-pm)
		- [Wednesday (pm)](#wednesday-pm)
		- [Thursday (pm)](#thursday-pm)
		- [Friday (pm)](#friday-pm)
- [Other Implementation Guidelines](#other-implementation-guidelines)
	- [One Line Per Sentence](#one-line-per-sentence)
	- [Pull Requests and Issues for 1 Module](#pull-requests-and-issues-for-1-module)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Concepts
All courseware on this project is in small and digestable modules.
These modules are then organised into topics.

> Going forward Courses and Pathways will be introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving forward, we will be adding courses and pathways into this project.
```

The courseware admin has the main say in what issues and modules are focused on each week and has the most visibility of the available courseware on the project.
#### Project Admin
Project admins are responsible for managing the automation and overall direction for the project.
#### Courseware Developers & Maintainers (Internal)
Courseware developers and maintainers create courseware and pull requests for the current ongoing release.
### Breakdown
Throughout the week pull requests are reviewed and merged to the `dev` branch, after Wednesday no more pull requests will be merged.
#### Monday (am)
A project admin, courseware admin and available internal contributors have a meeting to discuss and establish he following:
- What upcoming training requirements are there for material
- What modules need to be created
- Prioritise the modules and issues that need to be implemented
- Created a milestone for the next version, typically just incrementing the revision
- Decide who (internally) is responsible for completing those modules by **Wednesday**
#### Tuesday (pm)
- Stand-up meeting to check internal progress
#### Wednesday (pm)

> - Cut off for merging to the `dev` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cut off for merging into the `dev` branch.
```
